Smashcoin Official Development Repo
==================================

### What is Smashcoin?
Smashcoin is a crypt-currency derived from Peercoin, which is based on peer-to-peer crypt-currency Bitcoin. Smashcoin has the following features.
In the initial stage, block is generated by only proof-of-work (PoW), after one month from the initial stage, the block generation is shifted to hybrid system with proof-of-stake (PoS) and PoW.  As main encrypt algorism, Smashcoin employs X13 Hash Algorism, which is one of most reliable in a modern cryptocurrencies world because this algorism uses 13 rounds of hashing with 13 different hash-functions (blake、bmw、groestl、jh、keccak, etc.).

### Smashcoin Resources
* Client and Source:
[Source Code](https://github.com/smashcoin/smashcoin)
* Documentation: [Smashcoin Whitepaper](http://smashcoin.net***)

Repo Guidelines
================================

* Developers work in their own forks, then submit pull requests when they think their feature or bug fix is ready.
* If it is a simple/trivial/non-controversial change, then one of the development team members simply pulls it.
* If it is a more complicated or potentially controversial change, then the change may be discussed in the pull request. 
* The patch will be accepted if there is broad consensus that it is a good thing. Developers should expect to rework and resubmit patches if they don't match the project's coding conventions (see coding.txt) or are controversial.
* From time to time a pull request will become outdated. If this occurs, and the pull is no longer automatically mergeable; a comment on the pull will be used to issue a warning of closure.  Pull requests closed in this manner will have their corresponding issue labeled 'stagnant'.
